bump tidb to 7.5.6 (#20491)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `""`
- This variable is used to control some internal behaviors of the optimizer.
- The optimizer's behavior might vary depending on user scenarios or SQL statements. This variable provides a more fine-grained control over the optimizer and helps to prevent performance regression after upgrading caused by behavior changes in the optimizer.

> - For a more detailed introduction, see [Optimizer Fix Controls](https://docs-archive.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.2/optimizer-fix-controls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a more detailed introduction, see [Optimizer Fix Controls](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/optimizer-fix-controls/).
```
